don't let an engine room fire ruin your
day on the water
gain peace of mind by installing a fire
boy automatic fire extinguisher system
for round-the-clock engine room fire
protection the US Coast Guard reports
that approximately 90% of all marine
fires begin in the engine room fire boy
manufacturers automatic fire
extinguisher systems are specifically
designed to provide 24/7 engine room
fire protection for stern drives to
large yachts installing a fire boy
automatic fire extinguisher in the
engine room provides the safest and most
effective engine room fire protection
available when the engine room
temperature sensor reaches 175 degrees
Fahrenheit
the system automatically discharges to
flood the entire engine room with the
clean agent gas in less than 10 seconds
the contents of the system are
completely discharged to extinguish the
fire with no residue left behind in our
simulated engine room fire watch is the
fire boy clean agent discharges to plug
the entire area smothering the fire
discharge is automatic absolutely no
water or powdery residue to clean up a
less effective alternative to an
automatic system is a handheld dry
chemical powder extinguisher that must
be used manually to fight the fire if
the fire is extinguished successfully a
powdery residue is left behind that may
damage the engine and electrical
equipment at fire boy providing reliable
high-quality fire protection is
important to us each fire moy system is
constructed of the highest grade
materials to withstand the marine
environment all systems are 100% factory
tested and backed by a three-year
warranty models are available with the
choice of two clean agents fe 241 and
HFC 227 ei which is also approved for
occupied areas and for use in Europe
for safe and effective engine room fire
protection choose a fire boy automatic
fire extinguisher system